add blog (#388)
ebpf-io/ebpf.io-website: content/blog-posts/2023-04-03-kentik/index.md

---
date: "2023-04-03T17:00:00.000Z"

> title: "eBPF Explained: Why it's Important for Observability"

Author: ```suggestion
title: "eBPF Explained: Why it is Important for Observability"
```
